Before I got Sulaire, I'd been taking Bob Morris, Dr. Bob Morris out in the Anna Lloyd,
in the Linda Lloyd, in the Linda Lloyd.
He came along to do some research and he implored, he chartered me in the Linda Lloyd to do this,
take him out, putting hydrophones out there and stuff.
Which is amazing because he was funded by the Admiralty, he was paying me £150 a day
and in those days I had a lot of money.
I was like, wow, really?
So that was really cool.
Did work with him, got the Sulaire.
So there's a tension growing on the dolphins.
It was the first of the bit of attention coming with Bob Morris.
I think Greenpeace had probably swung in there with their boat by then.
I've got a newspaper cut out that could get the date exactly when they came in.
They came in with Rainbow Warriors saying, oh, there's only eight dolphins left in Cardigan Bay.
And, you know, it's a...
I mean, we had a big meeting in New Wellington.
And I represented, for some reason I was representing, not Newquay, but us, the general boating public.
And I remember telling them, saying, what do you think you're doing?
You're raising the profile of these animals.
We're going to have every man and his dog now coming down and chasing the dolphins.
And just what's happened, chasing the dolphins and looking at them.
And they would say, well, it's a double-edged sword, Steve was their answer.
You've got to raise the profile to protect them.
But protection hasn't sort of come in the quantity that the sort of profile's been raised, if you get what I mean.